Add `block.prevrandao` as alias for `block.difficulty` (#13759)
ethereum/solidity: docs/cheatsheet.rst

- ``block.basefee`` (``uint``): current block's base fee (`EIP-3198 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3198>`_ and `EIP-1559 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1559>`_)
- ``block.chainid`` (``uint``): current chain id
- ``block.coinbase`` (``address payable``): current block miner's address

> - ``block.difficulty`` (``uint``): current block difficulty (``EVM < Paris``). For other EVM versions it behaves as ``block.prevrandao`` (`EIP-4399 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4399>`_ )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``block.difficulty`` (``uint``): current block difficulty (``EVM < Paris``). For other EVM versions it behaves as a deprecated alias for ``block.prevrandao`` that will be removed in the next breaking release.
```

The EIP I'd rather link at ``block.prevrandao``.

> - ``block.prevrandao`` (``uint``): random number provided by the beacon chain (``EVM >= Paris``) (see `EIP-4399 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4399>`_ )

Reviewer: Also: sorting.

- ``block.chainid`` (``uint``): current chain id
- ``block.coinbase`` (``address payable``): current block miner's address
- ``block.difficulty`` (``uint``): current block difficulty

> - ``block.prevrandao`` (``uint``): random number provided by the beacon chain

Reviewer 2: I think having both of them listed without any comment would indicate both are *semantically* available at the same time.

Author: Please, see the last changes here: https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/13759/commits/ea9f1846d8023149b727261ea71cac07a1cb86cb
